add project proposal in hackathon-barcelona.mdx (#2798)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2024/hackathon-barcelona.mdx

## Components

<HackathonGroup
    title="update nf-core/differentialabundance related modules"
    category="components/pipeline"
    leaders={{
        'suzannejin': 'Suzanne Jin', 
        'bjlang': 'Björn Langer',
        'pinin4fjords': 'Jonathan Manning',
        'WackerO': 'Oskar Wacker'
    }}

>     goal="finish the integration of the modules and works towards the restructuring of the pipeline"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    goal="finish the integration of new modules and work towards the restructuring of the pipeline"
```

>

>     This is a pipeline for downstream gene expression analysis, with a main focus on differential expression analysis. Currently, we are working on a new branch ‘dev-ratio’ with two objectives: 1) add new methods and 2) convert the pipeline into a modular and unified framework that allocates different ways of performing differential analysis. By joining this group you will help with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is a pipeline for downstream gene expression analysis, with a main focus on differential expression analysis. Currently, we are working on a new branch `dev-ratio` with two objectives: 
    
    1. add new methods 
    2. convert the pipeline into a modular and unified framework that allocates different ways of performing differential analysis. 
    
    By joining this group you will help with:
```

        1) Implement and add nf-core modules that wrap other methods that can be used to perform differential analysis. Some modules (ie. propr) were already created but need to be updated (beginner friendly).
        2) Add these new modules to the pipeline and update the pipeline parameters correspondingly (beginner friendly).
        3) Add the existing modules to the new modular subworkflow in a way that will reproduce the original pipeline’s behaviour (beginner - intermediate level).

>         3) Update the code required to generate the plots and reports (beginner - intermediate level).
>         4) Help in the restructuring of the pipeline architecture (intermediate level).
>         4) Update documentation (beginner friendly).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        4) Update the code required to generate the plots and reports (beginner - intermediate level).
        5) Help in the restructuring of the pipeline architecture (intermediate level).
        6) Update documentation (beginner friendly).
```
